readme.md, before:

# AdminLTE 3.0 + Laravel 5.7 Full Project

This repository based on a youtube tutorial series [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE).

Note: I am not the owner of related youtube channel, here i am just implementing and explaning the steps of theses videos one by one.

# Tutorials & Descriptions

1. Installing All Requirements & Customize Step By Step - [Link](tutorials/tutorial1.md) - (Video [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CowsopJhX3M&index=2&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE) & [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKhTwApvuyw&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=18) & [4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcsKODgaOb8&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=16))

2. Vue Router COnfiguration - [Link](tutorials/tutorial2.md) - (Video [5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx93Bz62AII&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=15))
3. Logout Implementation - [Link](tutorials/tutorial3.md) - (Video [6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dR2sUZ596w&index=14&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))
4. Profile Picture, User Type, User Biography Fields - [Link](tutorials/tutorial4.md) - (Video [7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EVptwfXPjE&index=13&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))
5. Custom Vue Components For Management (Users) - [Link](tutorials/tutorial5.md) - (Video [8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP0uPDuoDHE&index=12&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))

Commit message:

VForm Component For Back-End Error Handling Added

readme.md, after:

# AdminLTE 3.0 + Laravel 5.7 Full Project

This repository based on a youtube tutorial series [Link](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE).

Note: I am not the owner of related youtube channel, here i am just implementing and explaning the steps of theses videos one by one.

# Tutorials & Descriptions

1. Installing All Requirements & Customize Step By Step - [Link](tutorials/tutorial1.md) - (Video [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CowsopJhX3M&index=2&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE) & [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKhTwApvuyw&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=18) & [4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcsKODgaOb8&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=16))

2. Vue Router COnfiguration - [Link](tutorials/tutorial2.md) - (Video [5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx93Bz62AII&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=15))
3. Logout Implementation - [Link](tutorials/tutorial3.md) - (Video [6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dR2sUZ596w&index=14&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))
4. Profile Picture, User Type, User Biography Fields - [Link](tutorials/tutorial4.md) - (Video [7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EVptwfXPjE&index=13&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))
5. Custom Vue Components For Management (Users) - [Link](tutorials/tutorial5.md) - (Video [8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP0uPDuoDHE&index=12&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE) & [9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KskOZqvIZow&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE&index=11))
6. VForm Component for Back-end Error Handling For Laravel - [Link](tutorials/tutorial6.md) - (Video [10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezUVsuGNUnU&index=10&list=PLB4AdipoHpxaHDLIaMdtro1eXnQtl_UvE))
